[MUSIC]
>> Scott: Anybody launched the Modal?
No, nobody got to the Modal?
>> Speaker 2: My screen looks like this.
[CROSSTALK].
I got that Modal.
Some, what was happening.
The vector icon library was trying
to override itself because I guess
when you run RNPM Link.
>> Scott: Link.
>> Speaker 2: it just keeps adding
imports to the main activity dot Java.
>> Scott: Did
you run that while the app is running?
>> Speaker 2: Did I?
Maybe.
>> Scott: That's probably why.
Just stop it and then do that part for go.
Alright, so let's go through here.
That's not been my life broken too but
will fix it along the way.
So this is why I did.
The first thing I did was actually move
current work out of the container because
I started work on Mars like this actually
makes more sense to be a container and
now you are component.
So I did that because it is a container.
So take a look there.
It's kind of beef you know.
So we need to connect this to redux.
So we could open up.
The modal and then we also needed to add
like a little area some little component
thing to that's kind of
like display our list and
then also allow us to
open up the modal Yeah.
So a few things here.
So the first thing I did was I import
a connects To connect to redux
here on the side of this component and
then, actually we don't need that.
We don't need both of those so
then what I did was I created
a new action called setExercise.
Modal visibility and
were gonna look at it in minutes.
It sounds fancy but
is not really doing anything.
Actually This is now we gonna know.
So this is all it's doing.
I think this is already here.
I think we went over this.
It just takes it it's visible not true or
false it just recreates it action And
returns that action.
This is going to be an object
with a type of this and
a payload of whatever boolean this is.
It's just toggling a boolean.
And then I'm getting the states states of
props in the state that I want for this
screen is going to be the current workout
which is going to be an array because
eventually we're going to put Current work
out on the current work out component.
So we need the current work out state and
then also need to exercise modal state so.
So, the Modal be open.
Yes or no.
So, those are the two things
that I need here for now.
And then, for the props, so, the actions
that I need is that only one for
Nonis to set the Modal visibility,
just what I decided to call it,
you can name this whatever you want.
I just called it that.
that takes in a billion.
That is going to dispatch that
action created we just saw.
So this is going to dispatch
this function which takes of
a billion which returns in actions
is going to spend action and
then actually if you look at the reducer
inside the current workout reducer or.
I'm sorry, in the UI reducer,
it's gonna hit right here.
This is going to toggle this
exercise Modal to be true or false.
And because we're subscribing to
the exercise Modal right here, we have it.
So, now we just gonna bind
this straight to the Modal.
So then I covered this over to a class,
set up some default props here.
Current workout, we actually
don't need exercises right now.
And the render function we have the top
bar like we've always like we have before.
We had that over that and
then here I actually broke out
to a few other components.
So the first component I
made was work out list.
And we'll go, look at that, and
then, I made one for exercise Modal.
So, I made those two separate
opposers they have their own logic.
I just don't wanna stuff it in here.
So I broke those out to
2 separate departments.
Workout lists is going
to be this right here.
So right now it's not really a list
because we don't have a workout but
if you give it some workout
it will render a list.
That's not at all render
as an exercises for
the plus but,
that's why I call a workout list.
And then, exercise Modal is that,
a Modal like there.
So, let's look at some of that stuff.
Any question so far and like why I
decided to do some of the things I did or
if you lost anything.
>> Scott: Does
this make a sense, why did this.
Well that was, let's not make a sense?
I still don't have my head wrapped
around Redux, but that's okay [LAUGH].
Okay, just think about it like this.
[CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 3: No it's it's really
okay.
>> Scott: Yeah,
you've got to think about it like this.
So we have a single state tree, right?
We have a store.
That's just one store in our entire
application this function is saying hey
this component wants access to this
state on that store that sort of saying.
I want to get the current
work out state and
I wanna get the state.exercise
Modal state.
And I want to merge it on a property
called current workout and
a property caught exercise Modal.
On to the props of this component.
So now we have prop dot current work out
props dot excise moto which are always
going to equal the new value of
these state properties here, and
then for the actions we're literally
saying the same thing I want to make
an action that dispatches or I want to
make a property that dispatches an action.
That's it.
Yes.
>> Speaker 4: So I'm Charles.
in general are usually using dispatch in
your map actions to props functions or
will you use that tool to
bind dispatch to your action
creators?
>> Scott: Yeah.
So there's a tool you can use bind an
action creators which does it for you but
I wanted to be explicit
about what's happening.
So I'm not high in the magic.
So you can use there's another tool And
like reactor,
where is it or react to react has
an bind action creators which will
pretty much just take all the actions that
you want and so you don't have to do this.
It'll just do this part for
you are pretty much.
I'm just writing it all out so
we can see it.
I don't want to hide the magic because
yeah, you can do that as an abstraction
but it's nice to understand what's
happening before you do the abstraction.
Typically I always just write
it out like this anyway so
I can just look at the file
like yo what's going on.
That's just me.
Sweet so yeah that's that's redux it's
just like merging the props it's like give
me this state give these actions attach it
to the problem and the reason we do that
is because this state is going to change,
And when the state changes it's going to
update the prop which is going to rerender
the method here rerender the component.
So that means the component is
always going to fresh state.
Whenever an action is fired.
That's pretty much what's happening.
So any other questions on that?
>> Scott: No?
All right,
let's hop into this WorkoutList.
So the WorkoutList has two props on it,
setModalVisibility,
and that's just going to be a boolean.
And that's bound to
this.props.setModalVisibility.
Which is also bound to this method right
here which is going to dispatch so
that's a function so now the Modal can
determine if it wants to close itself or
not that's why I passed out it so
if you go look at the designs.
There's an X on the modal.
So that's what that function will
be called when you click the X
is to control the visibility of the motile
so if you click the x it closes.
Also if you click a workout it'll
close but add the workout too.
So that's what that function is to
control the visibility of itself and
then the current workout.
So this is going to be the array
of the current workout and
the reason we put this here.
it is because or actually no wait.
>> Speaker 4: Is that the modal?
>> Scott: Yeah this is not the modal I put
this on the wrong property sorry.
I'm like wait that doesn't make any sense.
No wait actually no we do want this
here we do want this here too.
We definitely want this here.
The reason we want this here is because
when we click this pause button,
this pause button is
gonna launch the Modal.
So we put that there.
But we also want to put that
on the modal itself too.
But the modal only closes so
only put closeModal on that.
The modal can't open itself
if it's already open.
So it only can close itself so
I put that there.
Yes so the WorkoutList definitely
wants to be able to open it or
close it or whatever.
And then the currentWorkout which is
going to be a list of workouts And
there is no workouts in that list,
just render this.